phish-hawk
==========
> a PHP'ish bird that ain't [Osprey](https://github.com/mulesoft/osprey)

### Abstract

Phish Hawk is aimed to provide a generic interface allowing to scaffold a running PHP API server
pure based on a RAML specification file.

Requirements:
 - MUST auto-generate all defined endpoints (methods and URI endpoint routes)
   - when there is enough information (i.e. schemas given), autogenerated mockup data on successful status code 200 responses to a GET request SHOULD BE displayed. Otherwise just say Hi default, UNLESS `202` is an expected result a per the spec
   - Mockup endpoint implementations will be default, but config options SHOULD exist to change namespaces or individual route-to-Implementation class
 - process all parameters (baseurl / path / headers / body) as per their definition and otherwise return non-200s (i.e. 400 Bad Request) as per the RAML spec
 - be framework-agnostic regarding the endpoint implementation  
   as a proof-of-concept, provide wrappers that implement the bespoken interfaces and map to the following micro-framework implementations
    - MicroMVC
    - Slim Framework
    - FatFree (F3)
 - Implement Level 3 Rest Maturity Level (starting based on JSON Hyperschemas)
    - option SHOULD exist to set type of output (i.e. use `Link:` or `Content-Type` Headers as [per spec](http://json-schema.org/latest/json-schema-core.html#anchor33) or else) 
 - Investigate: Could JSON-Hyperschema be generated from RAML-Spec?
    - given that JSON Schema and ResourceTypes are defined - is information complete enough to derive all relations?


### Contributing

Don't hesitate to ask questions or share suggestions and comments via the [Issues Link](https://github.com/Philzen/phish-hawk/issues).

Currently there is a local prototype far away from being mature enough to push, in the meanwhile this README serves as a place to structure, prioritise and elaborate on the different components of the project.

### Inspiration

Exploring RAML through the API Designer or the RAML Console basically scream it in your face. 

Hence Phish Hawk. whose concrete implementation and API are not inspired by Osprey by any means. In contrary, the fact it exists and its name are.


